There will be this a there is a long time after a long while trying to buy a new car
By say
Because we have to make a reservation of etc large metropolitan system we would like to put there
I did not check the price at all, but I would say I'm a town town
It is not an etc installation shop, but what
Or to the Navi attachment of
Something like sheet metal
Whether the person much trouble as the reason why I asked
Well, in the Internet mail order society in order to get rid of that kind of thing, there is nothing now
Though
It is listed in the catalog of the ears etc. It is a price of 12,000 yen
Such I
It is a guy with a voice guidance of the antenna separation type, but it is price only at 12,000 yen
Looking at the dot-com
I bought it for 6000 yen at first
Deetto waiting AUTOBACS Toka
What is that yellow hat like that car shop?
Much that was hot water of Magurisu
The amount is cheaper than the list price but it is a bit cheaper but it is easy to be installed so installation is domestic
Car starts at 5,000 yen
In the I mean is how much it's Well mini and to not you hear is not listening
What I do like a setup fee
Approximate navigation er contact the town in'll I'll be taken up to the amount that something I do not know well
Shop
That attachment shop is roughly etc. uniform ¥ 5,000 It is just that
Special
In the form that you get a little more about the car , so setup fee included
I found a place called 5000 yen
If it was Demi, it would be fine at 5000 yen .
Approximately 12,000 yen
It is a postage or consumption tax Komi Komi d Rise other Muto its 12,000 yen and
In estimates got phlegm called 29,800 yen in the post-Kochen Innovation setup fee
It is a story that you can add more than 2 etc.
If you check it later, just check it
Information that I do not know well came out and it is
This Therefore, I was attached pioneer of navigation pioneer previous videos to work with the navigation
It's an animation, but it seems that something can be linked
For example what is linked is the discounted price or the amount of money is displayed by the navigation or more
I think that's what I mean by you, but I don't think it's worth it.
I metal quite go up you and look for the 1 tc Tteyuu can you I work with the navigation
I don't really know what it is
There is also etc not a Nabinabi impose a 15000 yen do not know of Tatoebawake by road
Say
While you are searching for a route guide route, you can save money
It may be necessary if it is time to go to the root of that navigation or a place you do not know
Many times will continue for the time being put a little now I I'm not need
I am
e 4
ー
Thank you very much
Ah ah ah ah
You have